My sister is studying at university.
My grandma cooks dinner every Sunday.
My grandparents live on the other side of town.
The sun was shining brightly when my grandmother came to visit me at home.
Mom's sister has three sons
My sister is studying to become a doctor.
The baby in my family loves playing outside with his sisters.
My aunt is the sister of my mother.
My sister has three children.
My grandmother is cooking dinner for my family tonight.
My grandma often cooks dinner for my younger brother and me.
My mother always makes delicious pasta for our family dinner.
The boy lives with his two sisters
My sister and I have been helping our mom with the cooking.
Your mom is cooking dinner for your family tonight.
My grandfather is a doctor.
Grandma lives in the countryside with her dog.
My mother always cooks dinner for us.
My sister is cooking dinner tonight
The sun rises over my big sister's house
Mom helps Dad make breakfast for my little sister and me.
My grandmother always helps me with my homework.
The cat is my brother's pet
My sister is helping my mom with dinner tonight.
Everyone in my family loves playing video games.
My grandma loves my little sister very much.
Grandma helps my younger brother with his homework.
The children live with their grandmother
The person I live with is my sister.
My grandma makes the best homemade cookies in our entire family.
My grandparents always tell me stories about our ancestors.
My mother has two sisters.
The cat is my sister's pet
My grandfather has three sisters.
The woman works at the store with my aunt.
Their cousin was visiting their aunt and uncle.
My mother has three children.
The mother and the children went to the park with their father.
The grandmother teaches the children to dance in the backyard.
My grandma always bakes delicious cookies for me.
The members of my family are very supportive.
Mom buys me a new toy when I'm good.
The person I live with is my sister
The little girl always helps her mother with household chores.
Grandma cooks dinner for my entire family every Sunday.
My sister likes playing soccer with her friends.
Mom is cooking dinner.
Tom is the youngest child in his big happy family.
Grandma cooks dinner for our whole big happy family.
My grandfather is sleeping.
Auntie helped little brother with his homework
Mom helps me with my homework tonight.
Mom and Dad will take me to the zoo tomorrow.
I have two younger siblings at home
My grandfather is a doctor.
My grandmother always takes care of her sister.
Marta lives with her two parents and three siblings in the small town.
Your great aunt is visiting your family today.
I have two siblings at home.
Mom helps me with my homework
My grandmother bought me a beautiful dress for my birthday.
Their grandmother is teaching them how to play the piano.
Mom cooks dinner while dad helps kids with homework.
Grandma cooks dinner for my whole family tonight.
Dad cooks dinner while mom helps the kids with their homework.
The cat is my brother's pet
My sister and I will visit our grandparents this weekend.
I have two sisters and a brother who live with me.
My mother always tells me to be kind.
My grandmother loves to cook dinner for our big happy family.
My brother's birthday party was on Saturday
Mother is cooking dinner for the guests at home tonight.
The kids love playing in the backyard with their mom
My cousin is playing soccer with his brother.
Grandma and Grandpa live with my parents, me, and little sister.
I have four siblings in my extended family.
The woman's children played together in the backyard.
My mother cooks dinner for our family every Sunday.
My father is sitting on the couch.
Grandma lives with my parents.
She has two younger brothers
My grandmother always makes me breakfast when I visit her.
Every Sunday, I have lunch with my sister.
Aunt Emma's house is very close to my home
I have two sisters who live in France.
My grandfather lives in Paris with his two cats.
I have two sisters who live with me in this house.
Mom cooks dinner for the whole family on Sundays.
The family moved to the countryside when I was a child.
The children were playing in the backyard with their grandparents.
My grandmother always helps me with my homework.
'My mother and I help my younger brother with his homework
My sister and brother-in-law have two kids, but I don't
Marta lives with her grandparents
I live with my happy and loving family in a big house.
The members of my family live in different cities
Marta has two sisters, Sofia and Laura.
Grandma reads books to her three-year-old grandson.
My mother is cooking dinner for my brother and me tonight.
My sister lives with my parents.
