The sweet, ripe strawberries were carefully arranged on the large wooden platter.
Eating pizza for breakfast is not unusual
Pasta is often served at Italian restaurants.
Lemons are sour.
I like to eat chicken on Fridays.
Apples grow on trees in the fall.
The delicious tacos were eaten by my hungry brother.
I love to eat pizza with my friends on Friday nights.
I love eating pizza in the evening.
Freshly baked croissants are being served in the cafeteria.
The fish is delicious
Fresh strawberries and cream are always on the menu in summer.
Which type of pizza do you want for dinner tonight?
The warm tortilla chip was placed on top of the fresh guacamole.
Crackers are delicious when eaten with cheese.
Eat more fruits daily
I'll have the burger with no pickles, please.
Which type of cheese is grated over the pasta?
The sushi is delicious
The fish and chips were very tasty
The fish was covered in a thick layer of sauce
Eating ripe mangoes gives me great joy.
Eggs are often eaten for breakfast.
Apples and bananas are typically eaten as snacks.
The cake was delicious
The pizza is hot
The sushi is very delicious, but the tempura is too oily.
I'll eat the pizza with pineapple.
The smell of freshly baked bread is making my stomach growl
The smell of freshly baked cookies is amazing
Eating pizza for breakfast is not recommended.
I will eat an apple after I finish my dinner.
Eggs are often eaten for breakfast.
The smell of freshly baked cookies fills the entire house
I love eating pizza with my friends.
Apples and bananas are delicious fruits.
Apples have antioxidants in them
Crunchy carrots and sweet strawberries are my favorite snack.
The coffee is quite expensive in this small café
Rice is delicious with chicken.
The pizza was extremely hot
Tomatoes were sliced with precision by the skilled chef.
The cake was eaten by my grandmother
The pizza is very expensive.
The crispy bagel is mine.
Today, I'll eat three chicken sandwiches.
The strawberries were sweet and ripe in the summer
The pizza is delicious today
Eating pizza gives me a lot of joy
I'll eat the pizza for dinner tonight.
Which type of cheese do you prefer to eat on your pizza?
I love eating sweet strawberries in the summer.
The pizza is on the table
Apples have vitamins and minerals.
I will eat pizza for lunch.
The pizza was still warm when I took it out of the oven.
I love eating delicious sushi for lunch on Fridays.
The strawberries in the basket were ripe and sweet.
Eating sushi for breakfast is not a common habit in many cultures.
I need to buy more chocolate for my birthday party.
I'm craving sushi for dinner tonight.
What delicious pizza does this restaurant serve? #food #duolingo
Eggs and cheese are not usually served together with soup.
Bacon and eggs were eaten for breakfast.
The pizza is on the table.
I will eat this delicious pizza tonight.
The apples were eaten by the hungry monkey
I often eat falafel for breakfast.
Tap the glass to see if it's full of ice water, and then eat the sandwich
Rice is a staple in many Japanese dishes.
In Japan, people usually eat sushi for breakfast.
The pasta is very delicious.
Lettuce is a popular ingredient in many salads.
The sushi is on the table
The pasta is very delicious, but the pizza is even more tasty.
Here is your sentence:  I would like to eat some sushi for lunch
The pizza is delicious, but the fries need more salt.
I love eating warm sandwiches in the summer.
Apples grow in the garden
I often eat fresh fruit.
Eggs and cheese are a good combination for breakfast.
The crispy tortilla chips were enjoyed by the hungry tourists
Crunchy carrots and crispy cucumbers are on the salad.
In France, you can eat delicious croissants in the morning
You will eat a pizza with your friends tonight.
Apples grow in the fall.
The delicious cake was made by my mother
What delicious tacos did you enjoy for lunch today?  ###
Please pass the warm bread.
The cake was very delicious
water
The eggs were baked in the oven
I like to drink freshly squeezed orange juice.
The pineapple was delicious with the yogurt.
I love eating pizza with my friends on Friday nights.
The cake was very delicious and the chocolate frosting tasted amazing
The pizza is delicious with the fresh tomatoes
The cake was eaten by the children
In France, you can eat delicious croissants
Eat a sandwich
